the centuries preceding the Great War
were a time of peace and growth for the
Republic dozens of new star systems join
the Galactic Senate for the synth empire
however these centuries were marked by a
rapid acceleration in the preparations
for war an effort in which the Sith
showed surprising corporation and
sacrifice I have long suspected that
during this extended period the Sith
spent generations infiltrating Republic
political circles and the even the Jedi
Order reviewing historical records I
haven't covered strong evidence of one
such case he's an gynt was a
fourth-generation Jedi widely considered
to be the most promising Padawan in the
order having a similar heritage the
venerated Jedi scholar master barrel
affair took gynt as his apprentice
together over and in travel the galaxy
studying the mysteries of the force over
the years the pair became more and more
ambitious eventually undertaking a
daunting mission they set out to explore
the ancient Sith temples
on the oven floor their goal was to
investigate the final resting place of
Naga Sadow one of the most powerful Sith
Lords who ever lived arriving on Yavin 4
over and give discovered that Naga Sadow
twisted Massassi Warriors had survived
the centuries the Massassi originated as
a Sith subspecies forming the backbone
of the earliest Seth armies but Naga
Sadow subjected his Massassi followers
to his experiments turning them into
dark force wielding monster
Denton master ovair fought bravely
against the Massassi but they were
defeated and forced to flee deep into
the temple there they encountered the
dark energy still lingering and nakusoo
doused two weeks later master ovair
returned to the Jedi Temple on Coruscant
alone wounded and half insane from the
tortures he had endured after a lengthy
recovery Master we're told a tale of the
horrors he faced and against tragic
death several years passed then one day
he soon get mysteriously reappeared on
Khorasan wearing the garb of the
Massassi warriors and bent on killing
master ovair possessed by the dark
spirit of Naga Sadow ginda tactus former
master in broad daylight the brutal
battle between the two was staged with
all
getz borrow powers were formidable but
master ovair won the day all there's
triumph over darkness was celebrated and
the Jedi Council assumed that all was
well the question no one asked was this
why would Naga Sadow spirits seek
vengeance specifically against master
ovair the answer has become clear after
a closer look at affairs Jedi heritage
his father and grandfather also went out
of their way to visit the tombs of the
ancient Sith Lords they were a family of
SIP infiltrators Oh where's mission on
Yavin four was not for the Jedi it was
on behalf of his true master the dark
Emperor of the Sith the Emperor knew the
spirits of the ancient Sith Lords could
be a threat to his power when he
returned to the known galaxy s century
later
Cove airstrip the oven for was a
preemptive strike to seal Naga Sadow
stoom and ensure the Emperor's only
enemies when he returned would be the
Jedi and the Republic how unfortunate
that we've only learned the terrible
truth about master ovair more than a
century too late of course this
revelation only raises further questions
what other acts of dark subterfuge were
over and his family involved in this
will be the starting point of my next
report